while insisting they were working to get
Aid into Gaza those against the United
States standing alone blocked the
security Council from passing a
resolution that would do just that the
US ambassador insisted that the draft
was incomplete colleagues the United
States is disappointed this resolution
made no mention of Israel's rights of
self-defense like every nation in the
world Israel has the inherent right of
self-defense as reflected in article 51
of the UN Charter the resolution did
condemn hamas's October 7th attack and
The Taking of Civilian hostages as well
as demanding pauses in the fighting for
Aid deliveries after several days of
negotiations 12 council members voted
for it many pointing out that civilians
humanitarian workers and medical
facilities must be protected under
International humanitarian law faced
with heinous terrorist acts against
Israeli civilians with the forceful
reaction to such acts and an never
growing humanitarian disaster imposed on
Gaza the council response we proposed
was robust and balanced un officials
echoed the secretary General's call for
an immediate ceasefire while warning
violence could spread throughout the
region I fear that we are at the brink
of a deep and dangerous abys that could
change the trajectory of the Israeli
Palestinian conflict if not of the
Middle East as a whole many members of
the security Council vowed to keep
working towards consensus and a
resolution but Russia taking a page from
the West's Playbook suggested they bring
the issue to the general assembly
instead for a vote where no country has
veto power Kristen salumi Al jazer the
United Nations